Dear Sam
This is my wish list for the Scheduling GUI:
#1.  Cancel the Walk-in appointments.
2.  Make the manager for the division not for the Data Base. - implement using restricting access to division using DUZ(2) using HL Division.
3.  Map the Clerks (Users) to the Groups not the clinics. - use the PIMS model of open access except for restricted clinics
4.  System should inform the users if there is another appointment to the same clinic as popup, not Just only information in the appointment screen.
#5.  Activate Find Available appointment Function.
6.  Add New Key to the system; allow the manager to map users to the clinics without having access to add and edit the clinics. (3 obviates 6)
7.  In the Re-book function; system should inform the users if there is no available clinic; not just do nothing “the users confused; specially if they are new in the system”
#8.  Error massages should be more clear for the end Users.
9.  Select the provider from the Check-in option.
10. Fix appointment transfer between the clinics. Specially if we have two windows.
#11. Make the reason for the cancellation editable “can be configured” site Specific.
12. Overbook limit and it can be edited as in VistA Scheduling.
13. Can know how don’t checked-out from the system through the Clinical Scheduling GUI.
14. Generate a report from the system, tell us about the Check-in & Check-out status.
#15. Time Scale should be for the manager only, clerk can’t change it.
16. For the appointment cancelation, if we can cancel it by group and Re-Book it by group: i.e. cancel 20 appointments for today and rebook these another day.
#17. Change VistA Server should be only for the manager.
#18. Change VistA Division should be only for the manager.
19. If the I close the Last Windows in the clinical Scheduling GUI the system should ask me “are you sure to close this program”
#20. A tool that allow us to edit the schedule without going to each day to change.
21. If I apply a new template to the clinic the system should ask me if I want to delete the previous one.
22. System should check the patient appointments, patient should not have two appointment at the same time
#23. Adding blocks in groups not individually.
24. If we change the default time slot for the clinic the system should change the access block time automatically.
25. If I inactivate the clinic in VistA it should reflects in GUI.
26. If we can make the users in groups. i.e. MRs group, OP clinics Group and map them to the resource groups (***VERY IMPORTANT***)
27. Copy appointments should be working well (copy appointments from one GUI clinic to another; not from a PIMS clinic)
28. Not all the work stations in the system can seen in the GUI.

I know there are a lot of clarification for my points. I will call you to explain it.
